README.md, before:

# ULpsych_programing_club

**Welcome to the repository (*repo*) for the UL department of psychology programing club.**

This is where we will house the materials for each of the club's sessions, don't worry for now if you're not sure what GitHub is, or what it's used for all, shall be made clear in time. 

## Who is this repo for?

This repo is *intended* for members of the UL-psych programming club, these are students of the UL Department of psychology who are learning to use python as a tool for data management and analysis. As such, these materials are intended to suppliment their use of SPSS and MS Excel for such tasks and are designed to provide an intro to python for 'non-coders' who have experience working with data in that context. 

Although the materials will provide useful tools for anyone interested in learning python, they *are not* inteded to be a comprehensive course on python or programming in general. They are intended for social science students, not comp-sci students, they are designed to introduce our students to programming, not turn them into developers. Although many of the principles covered are transferable, we are focusing on a narrow(ish) area of pythons powerful tools (tools like numpy, pandas, and matplotlib.pyplot). However, if that sounds like it might be useful to you, then you are welcome to use the materials. 

## Structure of this repo

This repository is composed of 3 folders:

 1. Preparation - This folder contains the material you need to get ready, instructions about installing python (via anaconda) and Visual Studio Code. 
 2. src - this folder contains the jupyter notebooks that we'll be using each week
 3. data - this folder will contain any data files that we might be using on a week to week basis (There's nothin' there yet.)

## how to use this repository
You should make a folder on your computer called 'UL Programming club' and you should create 3 subfolders that follow the same structure as this repository: so the subfolders should be

 1. src
 2. Praparation
 3. Data

and each week you will download the jupyter notebook (.ipynb file) into the 'src' so that you can run them from there.

Commit message:

Add preparation Doc and update Readme

README.md, after:

# ULpsych_programing_club

**Welcome to the repository (*repo*) for the UL department of psychology programing club.**

This is where we will house the materials for each of the club's sessions, don't worry for now if you're not sure what GitHub is, or what it's used for all, shall be made clear in time. 

## Who is this repo for?

This repo is *intended* for members of the UL-psych programming club, these are students of the UL Department of psychology who are learning to use python as a tool for data management and analysis. As such, these materials are intended to suppliment their use of SPSS and MS Excel for such tasks and are designed to provide an intro to python for 'non-coders' who have experience working with data in that context. 

Although the materials will provide useful tools for anyone interested in learning python, they *are not* inteded to be a comprehensive course on python or programming in general. They are intended for social science students, not comp-sci students, they are designed to introduce our students to programming, not turn them into developers. Although many of the principles covered are transferable, we are focusing on a narrow(ish) area of pythons powerful tools (tools like numpy, pandas, and matplotlib.pyplot). However, if that sounds like it might be useful to you, then you are welcome to use the materials. 

## Structure of this repo

This repository is composed of 3 folders:

 1. Preparation - This folder contains the material you need to get ready, instructions about installing python (via anaconda) and Visual Studio Code. 
 2. src - this folder contains the jupyter notebooks that we'll be using each week
 3. data - this folder will contain any data files that we might be using on a week to week basis (There's nothin' there yet.)

## how to use this repository
You should make a folder on your computer called 'UL Programming club' and you should create 3 subfolders that follow the same structure as this repository: so the subfolders should be

 1. src
 2. Praparation
 3. Data

and each week you will download the jupyter notebook (.ipynb file) into the 'src' folder on your computer so that you can run them from there. 

Before that, if you have not installed anaconda yet, you can go into the preparation folder and read through the 'Download and install anaconda' word document to help you get it installed.
